`Reveal` component (HDS-1911) (#1381)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/reveal/partials/guidelines/guidelines.md

### When not to use

- To hide information critical to the user’s task.
- To contain complex or advanced content.

## Toggle text

- Ensure that the text clearly describes the content that will be revealed when the toggle is triggered.
- Keep the text short, clear, and concise. Avoid long sentences.
- Use action-oriented language, when possible, to convey that there is additional content to be shown, e.g., “Show more options”.

!!! Dont

Don’t use vague or unrelated text to describe the content.

![Reveal example with a form](/assets/components/reveal/toggle-text-dont.png =591x*)
!!!

!!! Do

Use meaningful text that relates to the content inside.

![Reveal example with a form](/assets/components/reveal/toggle-text-do.png =591x*)
!!!

## Content type

The Reveal component should be used for hiding and showing simple content. For complex content and advanced functionality, consider using an Accordion (coming soon).

!!! Dont

![Reveal example with complex content](/assets/components/reveal/content-type-dont.png =725x*)
!!!

!!! Do

![Reveal example with simple content](/assets/components/reveal/content-type-do.png =604x*)
!!!

## Spacing

> - When using the Reveal to contain information related to a single element within a group or section, we recommend to leave 8px between the Reveal and the element it relates to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When using the Reveal to contain information related to a single element within a group or section, we recommend leaving 8px between the Reveal and the element it relates to.
```

![Reveal example within a section](/assets/components/reveal/spacing-guidance-single-element.png =591x*)

> - When used to show and hide information not directly associated to a single element but an entire section or group, we recommend to leave 24px between the Reveal and the section it relates to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When used to show and hide information not directly associated with a single element but an entire section or group, we recommend leaving 24px between the Reveal and the section it relates to.
```
